Emmette:
Two ways I know God loves me:
1. One time a toy was lost and I kept on looking for it but couldn't find it. So I told Jaime "my really special toy is lost". She said: "lets call Cloey over and pray". So she came and we prayed together. Then I looked under my shelf and finally found my toy!

2.
When I was a baby I couldn't walk for a long time. My Mommy took me to therapy and many people prayed for me. I had a walker that would help keep me up. I know God loves me because he helped me to walk. My next big thing is learning how to skate.


Cloey:

baptism:
Many people came and showed me their love. I was also so happy that Ms. Hildebrant (my teacher) came. I got to talk with her about how Latter Day Saints get baptized. I felt good inside when I talked with her and felt God tell me it was good thing. The whole family was there as well as our neighbour and relatives that travelled from far. Jaime and her friends helped me get ready, and my cousin Paige was my body guard and that made me feel very special. Being in my baptism dress made me feel like I've already been baptized 1000 times and have been to heaven. I especially liked the tacos and egg sandwiches afterwards. Since it was my birthday as well, I got to do a selfie with the Bishop and he gave me a chocolate bar and the Holy Ghost book.

Praying to Heavenly Father can strengthen my family.
By praying we can show that we're thankful. This makes Heavenly Father happy and he will bless us for it.Prayer can also help us feel God's love and be better people.

3 Ways I can follow Jesus Christ's example:
1 - Jesus sacrificed his life for us. I can make sacrifices to be like him
2 - Jesus was baptized. By being baptized I can follow his example
3 - Jesus healed people. I can heal a broken heard by giving people hugs.

Jaime:

I can serve by helping classmates as school with things like homework, cleaning and just smiling at them in the hall. I can help the community by participating in service projects to protect the environment or help feed the needy. Service can also consist of serving within the home. For example, doing extra chores or helping around the house or even just not getting on my parent's nerves.

Heavenly Father wants us to pray to him often, anywhere and anytime. 
When I was trying out for volleyball I was very nervous. We all lined up and had to serve the ball over the net and convince them we knew what we were doing. When they mentioned we needed to have full control over the ball it made me feel nervous so I decided to say a silent prayer in my head. After the prayer, I knew I shouldn't make bad comments about other people. So Instead of making bad comments about other people's serves, I said "good job" and was very enthusiastic. when it finally came to my turn, I served the ball over the net with complete control.
That's how I know Heavenly Father will answer our prayers whether at home before bead or at school trying out for a team.

My favourite Book of Mormon story is about the Jeredites.
The story starts off at a time where people were building a tower to try to get to heaven. Heavenly Father was angry with them for attempting this, so he mixed up their languages. This made it impossible to communicate and continue building the tower. But the brother of Jared was a righteous man. He prayed for God to not mix up the language of his people. God answered his prayer and the Jaredites ended up travelling without confusion to the land where the book of Mormon took place.
Personally, if getting to heaven by building a tower was that easy, I would have been in heaven a long time ago. This helped me learn that faith and rightiousness are the only true ways to get to heaven.